- slaads and braincats and fucking silver drows attack us
- dryland is old and has an octopus attacked to his spine

- "we found the real dryland"
    - "in his house?"

- we take dryland to church, silver to baldeer, and summon the `astir society

- intellect divourers: generally related to something that can reach into minds
    - solomon forces perception checks on the lot of us

- slaad's tend to come from different planes
    - like aboleths

- we cut the octopus off of dryland and revive him
    - he's a vegetable

- `khaspere dryland` severl years ago, a NA operative named usef approached him, promised him riches, power, etc... he agreed, and liked the power and success that came with the position. then the shipping contracts came in, vastly increasing his power. all he was asked in return was to be a propagandist. and then usef came back. if dryland liked what the northern alliance offered, commit to the kraken society. he'd become elder statesman of a new northern nation. usef was offering the power of a continent. so dryland said fuck yea, and got branded. instead of being seared by a brand, the octopus latched onto his back. that's when i stopped living and became a spectator as slarkathel controlled my body. politically i condemned the atrocities while i told the people of miribar i was the only one who could save them. usef left and morvex took his place. then my body came to decay and morvex took over his public appearances. he began to hear whispers...although he didn't understand the language, he understood their meaning. as slarkathel controlled him, he could hear him. he's ascending, as we speak. could be days it could be weeks, but the dragon lords delivered him the phylactery which helped him start the ascension. the backup plan was the execute the city. ol slarky is scared, he can't take part in his own ritual. he's baricaded himself in `[Ascarle]`.
    - silver was his bodyguard for his entire life
    - queen nere was murdered by the kraken society on the whalebone islands
    - dolf and tulland are in the basement
    - slarkathel may send a replacement for morvex

- Elven city, `[Ascarle]`
    - old, port town in the middle of the ocean
    - the built too big of a city there and it sunk
        - big storm or somethin

- we look for a water breathing aparatus
    - lt. stroot puts out some healers, and takes us into the city
    - we see a taller gnome, with makeshift welding equipment
    - we get the crab as a vehicle to go underwater 
    - oh shit we're getting in the crab

- uther will explain wtf is going on