# we recover after a short rest and proceed into the mountains
- we push forward through the woods at a slow pace
- we track the giant a little ways, but night is falling

## we make camp and pass time until daybreak
- we set up camp and try to ride out the night
    - we get attacked by yetis
        - we fuck um up

## we continue on the trail and find some slavers
- the giant tracks start to merge together with other types of tracks
- the harshag tracks are fresher than the ~human 
- we push through the wooded area towards a ravine and head down it
    - we start to hear some metallic noises coming from ahead
        - a makeshift orc encampment
            - a group of humanoid individuals gathered around a fire, they appear to be captives
            - slavers
            - like 10 of them?
            - we fuck um up
    - we loot ~20 gold
## after we kill um all...
- harshnag comes jumping down from the cliffs and greets us
    - he was tracking the slavers, trying to find their homebase
    - he's a frost giant
    - he's been trying to figure out what was going on since the `ordening` broke
        - basically the giant cast system created by the all father
            - he could "feel" it break
            - it seems that giants are now shaken out of their complacency
                - most of the giants are positioning themselves, vying for power both internally and externally
                - ~2-3 months ago, but within the last year
            - there was some order after the `ordening` was broken, but as time went on it started to shake, but it all went to shit when king `hekaton` disappeared
                - he was the king of the storm giants
                - both him and his wife, `neri` are gone
                - they ruled out of the `maelstrom`
                - he has a compatriot, a work friend
                    - `zephros`
            - there's a fire giant who's been running a slaving operation up here
                - he had heard rumors that the fire giant lord is attempting to build something that he needs slaves for
                - prince `genrog`, the fire giant prince, has been sending slaves back to `duke zalto`, his dad, the king
- after an hour or two walk, we make it back to `[farmville]`

- meet back up w/ `harshag` and look for `genrog` on our way to meet up `zephros`

## GIANT INFO DUMP
- The Ordening (The divine caste system put in place by Annam the All-Father) has been broken. Historically Storm Giants and Cloud have been relatively passive towards small folks and the Ordening allowed them to keep the more aggressive Giant races in check. Both the breaking of the Ordening and King Hekaton and Queen Neri's disappearance have created a bit of a power vacuum and have allowed the other Giant Lords to flex their strength. Harshnag has told you that he has been scouring the land with with work associate Zephyros (Cloud Giant) trying to gain information about the Giant Lords and believe the Eye of the All Father could be helpful (Zephyros is out seeking more info on this now). So far is has gathered the following information on the different Giant factions:
    - Storm: King Hekaton and Queen Neri have disappeared. Queen Neri was a known sympathizer of smallfolk. The youngest daughter, Princess Serissa, was chosen by Hekaton to rule in his stead well before he went missing. Known that she is on the throne, it has created a lot of tension with her two older sisters Mirran and Nym.
    - Cloud: Countess Sansuri is apparently scouring the land seeking old Giant relics/technology. Harshnag is not as worried about the cloud Giants but understands that that could in more aggressive in the future but as it stands that dont seem to be a threat to smallfolk which is enough for him to not be as motivated
    - Fire: Duke Zalto is believed to be crafting something and his son Prince Genrog is rounding up slaves for his father's mines. Harshnag was on the trail of some orc slavers when our heroes killed the orcs and freed the slaves.
    - Frost: Jarl Storvald's intentions are unknown. Frost Giants have been ransacking the North but with no clear organization. Harshnag has killed a few in his journey.
    - Stone: Rumours out the Stone Giants are that Queen Thane has been killed. The Dodkong (The Death King) is presumed to be the cause. Harshnag thinks this to be unlikely as the Dodkong is merely an old legend.
    - Hill: They are a bunch of idiots. I'm sure the Crown can handle them.

I know this is a lot of info and names. Don't worry if you cant remember. Focus on what is ahead of you which seems to be tracking Prince Genrog, meeting up with Zephyros, exploring Giant ruins, and visiting Mirabar (I believe this is what we discussed as what you thought your general direction was).
