# "Inbetween session" questions to the oracle
- How did the Ordening break?
    - THE ORDENING WAS BROKEN TO ROUSE THE GIANTS FROM THEIR COMPLACENCY! IT HAD BEEN FRACTURING FOR GENERATIONS BUT THAT FRACTURING ACCELERATED IN THE LAST FEW YEARS. ANNAM HAS ALL BUT ABANDONED HIS DISAPPOINTING CHILDRENS' LIVES. THE MOMENT THE ORDENING FINALLY SHATTERED WAS THE MOMENT A MONSTER LAID THEIR HAND ON THE WYRMSKULL THRONE!
- Where can we find the monster that laid it's hand on the throne?
    - AS WE SPEAK THE MONSTER IS IN THE MAELSTROM
        - `Harshnag` clarifies: Storm Giant Country
- Who is the monster?
    - THE MONSTER IS KNOWN BY MANY NAMES; THE DOOM OF THE DESERT, THE BLUE DEVIL, IYMRITH THE ANCIENT!
- How do we get to the maelstrom?
    - THE GREAT KING HEKATON CREATED CONCHES OF TELEPORTATION IN ORDER TO HOLD COUNSEL WITH THE LOWER GIANTS AT HIS COURT IN THE MAELSTROM. HOWEVER, ONLY GIANTS ARE GRANTED THE ABILITY TO USE SUCH CONCHES...OR THOSE WHO HAVE PROVED TO HAVE THE STRENGTH OF GIANTS TO THE GIANT GODS THEMSELVES
- What is the Dod Kong's phylactery?
    - THE PHYLACTERY OF THE DODKONG IS SPLIT AMONG THE THREE STOLEN JEWELS OF ANNAM'S CROWN
- Where are the locations of all of the conches?
    - One conch lies in the maelstrom?
    - One lies in the cloud giant castle of `[Lyn Armaal]`
    - One lies in `[Mt. Hamerhast]` (the mtn)
    - One lies in the frost giant village of `[Svardborg]`
    - One lies in the abandoned stone giant city of `[Dead Stone Cleft]`
    - One resides in `[Waterdeep]`

# Brach talks mad shit
- a gap to our right crumbles in and opens up after brach challenges annam for the blessing of the giants
- an incredibly narrow stone cave
- the pathway delves deeper and deeper into the rock, like a mine
- we find a statue of annam missing it's staff, shield, and crown
- there's a plaque:
    - may only those with the strength of giant's triumph
    - and may the weak be crushed by the might of annam

- we walk until we're shin deep in sludge and find a trap door
- underneath is a spiral staircase
    - it's warm down here and we stand in a foot of water
    - 3 paths in front of us
        - to the left (storm) and forward (fire) is blocked by a magical wall
        - to the right (ice) is shining blue force-field
            - cold is merciless
        - suspended from the ceiling of a room are 9 glass spheres, each of a different color, hanging by a metal wire
            - brach pulls the red one 
                - 3 black things fall out and fold up
        - stone door with a singular key hole in the middle
        - through the stone door is a very small room
            - 5 stitched together frankenstinian manequins
            - we beat um up
        - up stairs we go
            - to our right and 10 feet in front of us is a full length mirror that covers the entire hallway
        - we short rest
        - the doors open to a stone platform in the natural cave
        - between the stone platform we're on and the one in the distance is a series of wooden disks
        - dragons attack as solomon crosses the floor
        - brach stands on one of the platforms and leaps off it, grappling the dragon and hitting it 3 times on the way down, killing it
        - we find the crown of annam
